No Iran we extracted out the database connection cold into this separate file.
We did this to remove repeated code in our new article script when the form is submitted.
We're requiring this file to connect to the database.
We then use the connection variable created in that file to execute the ESC you l that insert the new
record.
However having a required statement that includes just p s p code inside a conditional like this isn't
generally a good idea as it can become difficult to maintain and follow what's happening with the code.
So let's move this line to the top like that.
Now a page still works but when we first load this page we don't need to connect to the database only
when the form is submitted.
This is because the code in this included file is evaluated and executed immediately as though it were
part of the page it was included in.
There's also another problem with this in here.
We're declaring a variable that were then using in this script.
This is a bad idea because in this script it's not clear where this variable has come from.
We can solve both these problems by creating a function.
So in our database script let's change this playing code to a function and then in the new article script
call this function here like that.
Note that now this code is inside a function when its included are required.
The code inside the function isn't executed straight away.
It's executed when the function is called
in the browser when we first load the page were no longer unnecessarily connecting to the database.
When I submit the FA however we get an error saying the connection variable is undefined.
This variable is defined inside this function.
However variables defined inside functions are limited to use with in those functions.
This is known as variable scope.
We can't access this variable outside this function to fix the error.
We need to return this value.
Then in the new article script will assign the function's return value to a variable.
Now in the browser when we submit the farm the error is fixed.
Now that we've changed the database include we've broken our existing pages.
Let's fix these first at the top of the index page.
We need to call the Get dbe function like that and the same and the individual article page.
This fixes our index and article pages.
Finally let's add a p h p doc comment to this function.
This includes a description of what the function does and specifies what it returns.
By using the at return tack.
If you're using an integrated development environments are ideas that supports it.
Adding this comment will help for things like after completion when your coding.